Updated Umbraco Commerce Product Adapter docs to prevent confusion (#7255)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-commerce/key-concepts/product-adapters.md

```

All Product Adapters implement the `ProductAdapterBase` base class which requires two method implementations:

> * A `GetProductSnapshot` methods that retrieve a Product Snapshot for either a product or product variant by reference parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `GetProductSnapshot` method that retrieves a Product Snapshot for either a product or a product variant by reference parameters.
```

> typeProduct Adapters are [registered via the IUmbracoCommerceBuilder](umbraco-commerce-builder.md) interface using the `AddUnique<IProductAdapter, TReplacementAdapter>()` method on the `Services` property. The `TReplacementAdapter` parameter is the type of our custom Product Adapter implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product Adapters are [registered via the IUmbracoCommerceBuilder](umbraco-commerce-builder.md) interface using the `AddUnique<IProductAdapter, TReplacementAdapter>()` method on the `Services` property. The `TReplacementAdapter` parameter is the type of our custom Product Adapter implementation.
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> It is important that you register your product adapter via the `IProductAdapter` interface rather than the `ProductAdapterBase` class. If the `IProductAdapter` displays an obsoletion warning, please ignore this. It is used to promote the use of the `ProductAdapterBase` base class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you register your product adapter via the `IProductAdapter` interface rather than the `ProductAdapterBase` class. If the `IProductAdapter` displays an obsolete warning, kindly ignore this. It is used to promote the use of the `ProductAdapterBase` base class.
```
